Add optional language to Mastodon post action (#40581)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mastodon.markdown

| `status`            | No       | The status text to post.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `visibility`        | Yes      | If not used, will default to account setting. `public`: post will be public, `unlisted`: post will be public but not appear on the public timeline, `private`: post will only be visible to followers, and `direct`: post will only be visible to mentioned users. |
| `content_warning`   | Yes      | Text will be shown as a warning before the text of the status. If not used, no warning will be displayed.                                                                                                                                                          |

> | `language`          | Yes      | The language of the post. If not used, will default to Mastodon account preference. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `language`          | Yes      | The language of the post. If not used, the language that is set in the Mastodon account is used. |
```
